1.1.1 Purpose
A web application which is used to show Ads on Agent terminal, based on criteria specified by Agent, Agent can also design the ad using ad designer for his own purpose.
Time slots are shared between the Agent and Kasstone UK Ltd.
Advertisers upload the Ads, targeting them to a particular segment.
1.1.2 Document Conventions
The following are the list of conventions and acronyms used in this Document and the project as well:
Administrator: Denotes user with administration privileges over the web application.
Agent: Who has Ad inventory and display terminal(s) at their premises.
Advertiser: Who provides Ad to be run on Agent’s terminal(s).
1.1.3 Scope
• Scope of this project is limited to displaying Ads in digital displays.
• Replacing old-fashioned announcement ways, including paper posters and bulletin board system. Both of them require high cost of regular maintenance, operation, and lack of efficiency.
• Distribution of live and pre-edited multimedia information to groups of displays across different displays.
• Digital displays in chain stores, shops that can display news, promotions, announcements, open hours, and special offers to targeted audiences (Agents and employees).
• Can be used anywhere, any time as it is a web based application irrespective of user location

2 Overall description
2.1.1 Functional Requirements Specification
Ad manager is designed to deliver Ads to Agent terminal based on schedule and slot availability. Advertisers are able to deliver and target Ads.
2.1.2 Working Prototype
System can deliver content to different displays via the player through a browser or canvas.
Server delivers all contents to the client which in turn delivers those Ads to displays attached with it.
2.1.3 Assumptions
The platform will not deliver individual Ads to independent displays on a single account, instead it will deliver the Ads directly to the system the system that is going to display the same Ad on all attached displays.
If the shop has different items such as jewel and garments, the Agent needs two accounts & systems to show two different kinds of Ads.
1) If network is down, the system in Agent place displays the Ad from local storage. During that time we can't control or limit the Ad delivery
