Name: Pramod Jaiswal


Andoid Projects:

1.	DOCNEXT
Description :This apps helpful for comics reader, web document converter and viewers and social connections.
Language :JAVA
Technology: Android SDK, Eclipse, OpenGL, MySQL
	

2.	Akiya Bank
Description : This application is helpful for knowing the vacant houses available all over Japan. In an Android Mobile by this application one can see how many vacant houses are available (area-wise) in Japan using its map locater. 
Language :JAVA
Technology: Android SDK, Eclipse, MySQL

3.	TwitPic Image Share
Description : Twitpic is one of the most common used image hosting that allows users to easily post images to Twitter and other social media. 
Language :JAVA
Technology: Android SDK, Eclipse,MySQL

4.	File manager
Description : File manager allows Android users, no matter where they are, to manage
Their resources for free. You can  see and  access all of your files from your mobile device and share them with others.
      Language :JAVA
Technology: Android SDK, Eclipse

5.	 File Encryption
Description : Encryption Manager is a file manager, that offers a comfortable and secure way to keep files with confidential data encrypted using AES encryption on the SD card.
     Language :JAVA
Technology: Android SDK, Eclipse

6.	BluetoothChat
Description :  Talk to your friends without having to access a wifi network or Internet.Exchange messages in meetings, at work, in classrooms, festivals and clubs Secure, fast, easy and fun.
     Language :JAVA
Technology: Android SDK, Eclipse

7.	Euodoo Ad management
     Description : Ad manager is designed to deliver Ads to Agent terminal based on schedule and slot    availability. Advertisers are able to deliver and target Ads. 
Language :JAVA
     Technology: Android SDK, Eclipse, MySQL


Python Project
1.Walbrix virtual os
Description :
Walbrix operating system is an innovative easy-to-use further virtualization hypervisor Linux+Xen, can be easily operate by anyone.
Technology: Python

Technical Skill
TOOLS/Language	# of experience in months	Beginner/ Intermediate / Expert
Java	40 Months	Intermediate
Python	12 months	Intermediate
Phonegap	1 months	Beginner
SQLite, MySQL, Oracle	30 months	Intermediate
GITHUB	28 Months	Intermediate
Eclipse	36 months	Intermediate
Android	32 months	Intermediate

                     



